I came up with an idea bring that in
here because I enter idea that you
remember we used to get Christmas
carolers in the neighborhood doesn't
really happen anymore so I have
something I think could be like a new
holiday tradition we call it the Alexa
Christmas choir okay
the watches have to be quiet of
beginning up Alexa sing jingle bells
[Music]
Alexis stop you know we have some kinks
to work out but you get the idea it's
nice it's it's instead of game oh yeah
bring that to the ocean and dump it in
alright hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos